COMPLAINT FOR NEGLIGENCE AND PERSONAL INJURY

IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA
COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES

JOHN DOE,
    Plaintiff,

v.

ABC CORPORATION,
    Defendant.

Case No: CV-2024-12345

COMPLAINT FOR DAMAGES

Plaintiff JOHN DOE ("Plaintiff"), by and through his attorneys, hereby complains against Defendant ABC CORPORATION ("Defendant") and alleges as follows:

PARTIES

1. Plaintiff JOHN DOE is an individual residing in Los Angeles County, California.

2. Defendant ABC CORPORATION is a California corporation doing business in Los Angeles County, California, and at all times mentioned herein was engaged in the business of operating a retail store.

JURISDICTION AND VENUE

3. This Court has jurisdiction over this action pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure Section 410.10.

4. Venue is proper in this Court because the events giving rise to this action occurred in Los Angeles County, California.

FACTUAL ALLEGATIONS

5. On January 15, 2024, at approximately 2:00 PM, Plaintiff was a customer at Defendant's retail store located at 123 Main Street, Los Angeles, California.

6. While walking down Aisle 5 of the store, Plaintiff slipped and fell on a wet substance that had been spilled on the floor.

7. The wet substance had been on the floor for at least 30 minutes prior to Plaintiff's fall, as evidenced by witness testimony.

8. Defendant's employees were aware or should have been aware of the hazardous condition but failed to clean it up or warn customers.

9. There were no warning signs, cones, or barriers around the spill area.

10. As a direct and proximate result of the fall, Plaintiff suffered severe injuries including:
    - Fractured left wrist
    - Herniated disc in lower back
    - Contusions and lacerations
    - Severe pain and suffering

11. Plaintiff required immediate medical attention and was transported to Los Angeles General Hospital.

12. Plaintiff underwent surgery on his wrist on January 20, 2024.

13. Plaintiff has incurred medical expenses exceeding $75,000.

14. Plaintiff has been unable to work since the accident and has lost wages in excess of $50,000.

15. Plaintiff continues to suffer pain, disability, and loss of enjoyment of life.

FIRST CAUSE OF ACTION
(Negligence)

16. Plaintiff incorporates by reference paragraphs 1 through 15 as if fully set forth herein.

17. Defendant owed a duty of care to Plaintiff to maintain its premises in a safe condition and to warn of dangerous conditions.

18. Defendant breached its duty of care by:
    a. Failing to maintain the premises in a safe condition;
    b. Failing to inspect the premises for hazards;
    c. Failing to clean up the spill in a timely manner;
    d. Failing to warn customers of the dangerous condition;
    e. Failing to properly train employees in safety procedures.

19. Defendant's breach of duty was the proximate cause of Plaintiff's injuries.

20. As a direct and proximate result of Defendant's negligence, Plaintiff has suffered damages including medical expenses, lost wages, pain and suffering, and loss of enjoyment of life.

SECOND CAUSE OF ACTION
(Premises Liability)

21. Plaintiff incorporates by reference paragraphs 1 through 20 as if fully set forth herein.

22. Defendant, as owner and operator of the premises, had a duty to maintain the premises in a reasonably safe condition.

23. The wet substance on the floor constituted a dangerous condition.

24. Defendant knew or should have known of the dangerous condition through the exercise of reasonable care.

25. Defendant failed to remedy the dangerous condition or provide adequate warning.

26. The dangerous condition created a foreseeable risk of harm to customers like Plaintiff.

27. Plaintiff was injured while using the premises in a reasonably foreseeable manner.

PRAYER FOR RELIEF

WHEREFORE, Plaintiff prays for judgment against Defendant as follows:

1. General damages according to proof;
2. Special damages including medical expenses of $75,000;
3. Lost wages of $50,000;
4. Costs of suit incurred herein;
5. Pre-judgment and post-judgment interest as allowed by law;
6. Such other and further relief as the Court deems just and proper.

DEMAND FOR JURY TRIAL

Plaintiff hereby demands a trial by jury on all issues so triable.

Dated: February 15, 2024

Respectfully submitted,

_________________________
SMITH & ASSOCIATES
Attorneys for Plaintiff
JOHN DOE
